[00:00](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=0) Hello everyone, the theme of this video is the true nature of large investors' methods and deception.This is the reason why they went up after being forced to cut their losses.This is a story about large investors hunting down individual investors to cut their losses. I'm sure many of you have heard of this.If you 've ever had that frustrating experience where the price reaches the stop-loss position you've set, and then the price grows in the direction you expected. It would be fair to say almost everyone, including myself. In this video
[00:25](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=25) , we will discuss whether such loss-cutting hunting by large institutional investors actually exists, and what kind of trading methods do large investors use? Here is an interview video of a trader who talked about this.By watching this, you can understand the trading methods of large investors, as well as why phenomena that we think of as fraud occur, and why things go up after being forced to cut losses. You will learn how to avoid deception as much as possible.Please enjoy it until the end.Before we
[00:50](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=50) get into the interview video, we will talk about what is generally called deception and the phenomenon called stop-hunt, where large investors hunt individual investors to cut their losses. For example, when there is a support line that has been the starting point of many rebounds like this, let's say that we are aiming to buy based on this support line.For example, from around here I would like to assume that you make an entry and
[01:15](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=75) place your loss cut below this support line.At times like this, the price drops to the point where you have placed your loss cut, and then there is a sharp rebound and you cut back. If you look at the actual chart, it will look like this . This is the starting point of the rebound . There will be a rebound here, then it will be supported here, and then it will be supported here again. Since it has been stopped 3 times, I would like to go for long from around this area, so
[01:39](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=99) I would like to assume that I entered around this area and placed my stop loss position below this support line. I think that if you look at the subsequent movements, you'll see things like this: they were forced to cut their losses, and then they grew significantly in the direction they had expected.This type of movement is called deception or conspiracy. Well, there are stories about large investors buying individual investors' losses.Is this
[02:02](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=122) actually happening?Here, I'd like to introduce you to an actual interview video.First, this interview. I would like to introduce you to the person being interviewed.The person being interviewed this time is David Paul, who has been active as a professional trader for decades and was also involved in trading education for institutional investors . Unfortunately, he passed away recently, so this interview
[02:24](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=144) is from when he was still alive.First, I will introduce investment with translation, but there are some specialties mentioned, so some people may not understand if that's all. So after that, I will explain the important parts.If you want to hear the explanation from the beginning , please use the chapter in the summary column and I will jump to it, but I would like you to listen to the first part once. Let's go
[02:47](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=167) through the interview together.ret traltraders areDaythatTheybuy good LevelsBU Allunfortunately mostretailtraders willwaitforsome
[03:18](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=198) confirmationbefore TheygetinthatCould BeACandlepattern CouldBeMoving Average CROSS TRlowandTheywill invarputtheirstopat
[03:40](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=220) exactly wherethe institutional orders areIthinkthat institutional traders areJustdoing instradersdoputting theirentryPOINTSat VERYGOOD Levelsifyouare TRAD INGattheinsti
[03:57](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=237) LevelnotalwaysEasy togetfilled atretailLevel ChickenandTheMarsGo theBSareandAllthose peoplebetakenOUTSoI thinkthatifyoudonot ThinklongandHard aboutwherePutYour
[04:52](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=292) stopsthatquiteEAS DIEof stop andearlierwetalked aboutoneofmyThings thatIthinkaboutall thetimeandherean exerciseforSome peoplenexttimejust abouttoa
[05:12](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=312) TRyoupickupyandyou just GOandthenDownPiece ofPaperwhereBU stopbuyOrder whereandHowmany Marketgoestoorder MARKETSgototheobv stopsofthetimeand
[05:41](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=341) oneofmyrulesisthatI wanttoputmyentries where themasstheir stopsSoIthinkthat youcanyourway Throughofthat RBoverandoverand overagainstopneeds to wherethestopneeds tobeentryisSLthen
[06:19](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=379) stopRYouGiveYoura chanceofinthe RastoplossofTwoanda HalftimesTHEAVERAGE TRUERANGEor somethinglikethat neverthelessifyou wanttogetinwithLOW stoplossesat institutionalLevels
[06:39](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=399) YouGotToBeBravethe institutional traderswilluse fibonaLevelsThey willusetrendlines useSimplehorizontal supportand elsto actuallylookfor confluencestotryand
[06:52](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=412) placetheirorders Nothing cleverand unfortunatelyMOst retailtradersWhat do you think?There were some pretty important perspectives and stories that came up , so I'd like to explain them one by one.The first thing that came up
[07:17](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=437) was There is a difference in the entry method between individual investors and institutional
[07:44](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=464) investors . However , I am saying that I will wait for the confirmation.It could be a low-so pattern or a cross of the moving average line.I'm sure you're all familiar with this, right?
[08:06](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=486) I've seen entries where a double bottom or a countermeasure zone appeared near this line. In the channel, for example , we tell you things like determining if the price will stop declining once it reaches this Fibonacci zone.Yes, it is common for individual investors to trade by waiting for something like this to appear. I think, on the other hand, when you say period investment, you say you buy at a certain level.I say "level", but the point
[08:31](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=511) is that you buy when the price reaches a certain price level.And that level means buying at a certain price level. The trader's stop loss, or stop loss order, is said to be where it is accumulated, and this is where the orders of term investors are placed.What does this mean? It is explained in theinstitutional Levelisnotthat
[09:01](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=541) simpleandyougoton occasionstoactually generatethe liquiditytogetaardYes , this is the part when we, individual investors, place an order by simply pressing the buy/sell button on the chart tool of a broker/securities company, but for short-term investors, there is not much I'm saying that it's not going to be easy.What I mean by
[09:23](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=563) this is that it's easy to understand if you imagine that a term investor is managing a huge amount of money.In some cases, it's hundreds of billions or even more. For institutional investors who manage long yen amounts , it is difficult to process their own orders.In the first place, FX is an exchange of two currencies.When you buy dollars and yen, you You buy dollars by giving up your own yen and exchanging it for it.Actually,
[09:48](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=588) in FX, settlement is done first, so you are not actually holding dollars . That's what we do, and that means we need someone who wants to sell as our partner, so at the level of individual investors, we can sell 100 lots of dollar yen to 100 lots. If you buy lots, you can easily find a partner, so it is easy to place an order.However,
[10:11](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=611) it is difficult for period investors to process a large number of orders, which far exceeds the level of individual investors. So, what is needed is to generate the liquidity that I mentioned last.Liquidity literally means liquidity, but it basically means orders or money.Liquidity sounds abstract when you hear it . It's hard to understand, so if you see Licritity in the market,
[10:34](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=634) there is no problem if you treat it as an order.For institutional investors and large investors who have a large amount of orders, it sometimes generates liquidity which is the other party's order. So how do term investors find places where a lot of other parties' orders are accumulated?Ithink anybodySTTheywill saythemselvespry
[11:08](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=668) lelAllNeedoneperson tockandMARGoingBare andAllpeoplebetaken OUTNobody They don't look at where the stop loss order is. Even if they don't do that, it's very obvious to them where the stop loss is placed. Most of the stop loss is placed in an easy-to-understand place, so it's easy to understand. This is below the most recent low price.Going back to the example at the beginning,
[11:32](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=692) if you are aiming to buy based on this support line, you would place your loss cut below this most recent low price.I think I would too. What's happening here is that if you were to buy USD/JPY from here, you would place your loss cut below this low price. Since you are a buyer of USD/JPY, that is called a stop loss order. This is the opposite of a buy order, and is a sell order for dollar yen.What you bought, you close by selling.In
[11:56](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=716) other words, sell orders will accumulate around this area.Now, regarding the investment period mentioned earlier, Let's get back to the topic.We talked about period investing by placing your own orders in areas where the orders of the other parties needed to pass your own large orders are accumulated.For example, if an institutional investor places a large number of orders, Suppose you want to buy yen. In that case, you will need a sell order for dollar yen, which is the other party
[12:22](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=742) 's order. As for where there are many sell orders for dollar yen, they are accumulated below these low prices, so you should aim there. Investing for a period of time means placing your own buy orders for USD/JPY.Therefore, when the price falls to this level, there will be a sudden rebound.Look at this from an individual investor's perspective. If you look at it, it certainly looks like the price has gone up after the individual investor's loss was bought.From the point of view of the individual investor who was aiming to buy , the price seems to have gone up as
[12:48](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=768) originally intended after the individual investor was forced to cut his or her loss. So this is what was talked about in the first part of the interview: period investing is buying at a certain level, and that level is where most traders' stop losses are, and that's where investors' orders are. It means where it is placed.Let 's move on.Next
[13:14](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=794) is a question posed by David as a brain teaser to the viewers.This is also very interesting.people justUpAnd stopandWatchHow timesMarketgoesto ordermarets GO Yes, what I'm saying is that if we bring up the example from earlier again, let's say that
[13:53](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=833) when we think of a buy entry, if we have an entry position and a stop loss position, we can place an entry order at the stop loss position. I'm telling you to put it in and see how often your entry orders go up.This is certainly a very interesting way of thinking, but it's completely different from the trading methods we usually learn. Therefore, rather than looking at the reaction when the price reaches a
[14:17](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=857) certain point on the chart, you may have to think about various things such as taking a position when the price reaches a certain level, and where should you place your loss cut at that time. Okay, let's move on to the next one. The next one is also very interesting. fev TRENDhor Resistance If this is really true, I'd be quite surprised.
[14:47](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=887) When I first saw it, I thought it was true, but that's just the point. As we have seen so far, it is a little bit like saying that it can be anywhere as far as liquidity is concerned, but if you think of it as being close to these elements, it is easier to pass orders, and there are many orders for intermittent investments. I understand. Regarding this, for example, if a trend line like this is running, the price
[15:19](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=919) approaches near this trend line, and at this point, for example, you can look at the short-term bar and use some kind of price action or chart pattern indicator. But anyway , I think what you're saying is that if you check for such signs, and if you take a loss cut based on those signs, you can be hunted because it's often a miss and it's tight. So this is also related to the liquidity we have seen so far.First
[15:42](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=942) of all, from the perspective of individual investment, you can imagine that there are many individual investors who hold positions based on elements such as trend lines and horizontal Fibonacci lines, but on the other hand, as I mentioned earlier, Based on David's statement, large investors also hold positions based on these factors, which means that many orders gather around these factors, so they use them to place their own orders. I think it means that there are other period investors.Actually, I will talk about this in the second half of the video.Yes, I think you have understood
[16:14](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=974) what was said in the interview so far. I hope you understand that in order for an investor to place an order, they need a counterparty order that is commensurate with their liquidity.However , in the end, they are using an individual investor's loss cut as a counterparty order, so it is a debt after all. I'm sure there are some people who are wondering if they're coming, so I'd like to answer those questions from now on. To that end, I
[16:37](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=997) 'd like to share with you some helpful materials. The document is a document on the FX trading trends of individual investors released by the Bank of Japan in 2023. It includes the percentage of positions held by individual investors in the foreign exchange market, so I will introduce it here.Chart 8 This is data from an organization called the International Bank for Settlement, BiS . Please pay attention to the graph on the right. This is data for 2022, and the bar on the left represents the total
[17:02](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1022) number of individual investors in all spot transactions in the world. The percentage on the right is the percentage of individual investors in Japan's spot trading market. If you look at the global total on the left, you will see that the percentage of individual investors is very small. If you look at Japan on the right, it is about 20%. So, if you look at the report, it says this: The percentage of individual investment-related transactions in all spot transactions,
[17:29](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1049) as shown in the graph on the left, is less than 5% globally, but in the Japanese market. The Japanese market accounts for about 20% of the total, and this is the document on the right. From this, the proportion of transactions by individual investors in the world's FX trading volume is extremely small. What we can say from this is that the movement of large institutional investors looking to
[17:57](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1077) cut losses, which we have seen through this interview, is not aimed at individual investors. This means that it is conceivable that looking at the proportion of trading volume, it would be too small for institutional investors to try to cut the losses of individual investors in order to pass their own orders . If you are aiming for someone's stop loss order, it means that you are aiming for the stop loss of another large investor who is the main player in the market.The market is such that there are people who buy and there are people
[18:24](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1104) who sell.There are both buyers and sellers. There are various organizations with different sizes of funds and different investment periods.Large investors with various attributes are calmly watching the other party's order liquidity accumulate in order to fulfill their own orders. I think that the market is what we aim for and compete with each other every day.In a video I previously released about the characteristics of the three major FX markets, I introduced an image of the market like this.
[18:54](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1134) It's a battlefield where dinosaurs are fighting each other.Think of this dinosaur as a big bet.In the battlefield where dinosaurs are fighting each other, we individual investors are also participating.And where the dinosaurs are putting stop losses, we're also putting stop losses. , so if this dinosaur's stop is targeted , our stop loss there will also be hunted down.That 's how I see it.Okay, next, we're aiming for individual investment.
[19:20](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1160) I understand that this doesn't seem to be the case, but I think some of you may have questions about where you should put your loss cut, so I would like to touch on that as well. As David said in the interview, needbewhereST needbeLoss cut should be placed where it should be placed, so I think the first
[19:42](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1182) option would be near the high and low.And the important thing is First of all, it is important to understand that there is no way to 100% prevent such stop-hunt stop-loss movements from being light, and on top of that, as was also mentioned in the interview, a stop that is too tight will get caught up in the stop-hunt movement. It's easy, so set it with some leeway.If you think that if you set your loss cut at the high and low prices of a short-term bar, you will often be hunted, you
[20:07](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1207) may need to devise a method such as setting it based on the top bar. There is also a method of using ATR that was talked about in the interview, so if you are interested, please take a look.There is a lot of important information in this video, so I would like to summarize it at the end. I think the first point is the difference between the trading methods of individual investors and institutional investors.Individual investors wait for some kind of confirmation before entering the market.Individual investors
[20:31](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1231) place orders at a specific price level. Yes, and second point, stop hunting does exist , but it is not aimed at cutting the losses of individual investors, but rather, it is aimed at cutting the losses of other period investors who are the main players in the market.The reason is that it is an institution. Investors need a large amount of counterparty order liquidity in order to pass their own orders, and as mentioned in the Bank of Japan's materials, the trading volume of individual investors is a small portion of the market, and short-term investors act to capture this.
[20:57](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1257) This is unlikely.In fact, the most recent high and low prices where individual investors place their stop losses also have stop losses for term investors, so other term investors have a place to place their orders. If you look at this from the perspective of individual investors only, it looks like you are being fooled by the loss cutting of individual investors.In this video, we will explain how to accompany term investors and how to move the market. If you are interested, I have
[21:23](https://youtu.be/PJZa6-9XmXM?si=sDJsyN06A062T6yJ&t=1283) posted a link to a video on the perspective of period investment that was published on this channel in the past in the summary section.Please check it out as well.Finally, I found this video helpful. If you think so, please give us a high rating and it will be helpful for creating future videos.See you in the next video.Goodbye